flip subfigures axes to match subplots (#28363)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/behavior/28363-TS.rst

Subfigures
~~~~~~~~~~

> ``Figure.subfigures`` are now added in row-major order for API consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.Figure.subfigures` are now added in row-major order to be consistent with `.Figure.subplots`.  The return value of `~.Figure.subfigures` is unchanged, but the order of ``fig.subfigs`` is.
```
